Move NFT and fractional-NFT to archive folder with warnings (#712)
FuelLabs/sway-applications: README.md

- [Airdrop](./airdrop/) is a token distribution program where users are able to claim tokens given a valid merkle proof.
- [Escrow](./escrow) is a third party that keeps an asset on behalf of multiple parties.

> **Warning**

> > The `Fractional-NFT` has been archived in the `archived_apps` folder, awaiting the release of the [Sway multi-token standard](https://github.com/FuelLabs/rfcs/pull/17).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `Fractional-NFT` has been archived until the release of the [Sway multi-token standard](https://github.com/FuelLabs/rfcs/pull/17).
```

- [Fractional-NFT](./archived_apps/fractional-NFT/) allows multiple parties to claim ownership of an NFT directly proportional to the number of tokens they hold.

> **Warning**

> > The `Non-Fungible Token (NFT)` has been archived in the `archived_apps` folder, awaiting the release of the [Sway multi-token standard](https://github.com/FuelLabs/rfcs/pull/17).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `Non-Fungible Token (NFT)` has been archived until the release of the [Sway multi-token standard](https://github.com/FuelLabs/rfcs/pull/17).
```
